Create a git repository and clone it for the changes and publish the changes using git bash.
Write a JavaScript program that takes an array of integers as input. Use arrow functions to perform the following tasks:
Double the values of each element in the array.
Filter the doubled values to include only the numbers greater than 20.
Return the resulting filtered array as output.
Write a JavaScript program to calculate the sum of all elements in an array using an arrow function.
Write a program to filter even numbers from an array using an arrow function.
Write an arrow function to check if a given string is a palindrome.
Write a program to count the number of vowels in a string using an arrow function.
Write a JavaScript program to implement
Object Destructuring
Array Destructuring
Destructuring with renaming
Destructuring with function
Destructuring with Rest operator
Create 2 JavaScript files. Import one file into another and access a function to say Hello to user.
Write a JavaScript console program to find absolute value of a given number using async/await.
Write a JavaScript console program to find sum of digits of a given number using async/await.
Write NodeJS program to implement the following using fs module:
1. Deleting file
2. Creating and Deleting directory
3. Deleting file within a directory
4. Removing the file and then removing the directory
5. creating a directory and writing the data to the file within the directory
6. Create a server that listens to client requests using http module
Write NodeJS program to implement os, and http module.
Write a node js program to demonstrate events 
Write a node js program to demonstrate read and write streams
Write a node js program for reading and writing into file using pipes.
Write a node js program for reading the file and sending the contents as response to the client request.
Write a node js program to serve the html page to the client.
Write a node js program to serve the json page to the client
Demonstrate Basic routing in node
Create Express server listening requests at port 3000. Add different end points to provide access to the resources.
Create a REST API for employees data and add different end points on express server to   perform CRUD operations on the API. Test the end points using POSTMAN.
Write an ejs program to display user information
Write an ejs program to display contact information
write a program to demonstrate function generators
write a program to demonstrate function generators with multiple generators
write a program to demonstrate symbols in java script
write a program to demonstrate closures
write a js program to implement prototypal inheritance
Use fetch function to access remote data using the given API 
jsonplaceholder.typicode/users
Jsonplaceholder.typicode/todos
Restcountries.com
Use fetch function to read the weather data from api “openweathermap.org” and display the  details like min_temp,max_temp,avg_temp for a given city 
Read the weather forecast details for a given city and display details like date and temp in a table
Create college database, and products collection and insert the following data in MongoDB
Find the products information whose price is greater than or equal to 200.
Find the products information whose price is less than 200.
Find the products information whose quantity is not equal to 300.
Find the products information whose price is equal to 200 and quantity is equal to 60.
Find the products information whose price is equal to 500 or quantity is equal to 60.
Find the products information whose price is not equal to 400 or quantity is not equal to 40.
Find the products information whose price is either 200 or 400.
Find the products information whose price is neither 100 nor 500.
Update the price of laptop to 700.
Find the name, and price of the products whose _id is 5.
Sort the products collection based on the ascending order of name.
Sort the products collection based on the descending order of price and limit the result to 2 documents.
Retrieve the name, and price of the product with the lowest price
Retrieve the third lowest-priced product, displaying only its name and price
Delete the product whose _id is 7.
Write an express application connecting mongodb and perform CRUD operations
Create a real time database using firebase and perform CRUD operations
create a firestore database in firebase and perform CRUD operations